Convert services/accessibility/typescript/models to gjs/gts (#2126)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/models/index.md

      this.drafts = data;
    });
  }
  <template>
    <ul>
      {{#each this.drafts key="id" as |draft|}}
        <li>{{draft.title}}</li>
      {{/each}}
    </ul>
  </template>
}
```

> This works great for the `list-of-drafts` component. However, your app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works great for the `ListOfDrafts` component. However, your app
```

is likely made up of many different components. On another page you
may want a component to display the number of drafts. You may be

> tempted to copy and paste your existing `willRender` code into the new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tempted to copy and paste your existing `constructor` code into the new
```

How this persisted 😓
